loser perhaps just a ploy to extract a
little more money from us yeah I think
some of them are with the whole plastic
bag thinks that the bag for life some of
the materials that they make those out
of they have to chop down rain forests
very mentally friendly bags so got to be
quite wise to know what's actually good
for the environment and what's not
that's what just do something to get rid
of plastic bag okay please you can thank
you starts with M and another please be
and another C and a vowel hey and a
vowel please you Nick kind of a
consonant please you can thank you start
with t and another D and another s and
I'll try another please l and a vowel
and to finish I 10 and 50 and the target
to get 157 thank you Nick oh and another
s and another n and a consonant hey
a vile
II um and I'll try another continent
please and the last one n Thank You Nick
al and another another hell and another
tea and another n and two large 25 and
75 and the target to get to Huntington
Thank You Nick al and another ah and
another hey and another Q another e
another vowel please oh and a consonant
and finish why number two large 50 and
25 and the target large 911 he loves
animals don't you Rachel oh except the
bugs the massive grasshoppers you get in
Asia and things like that we're going to
me she loves animals so much we'll see